hi there as Rick just here to talk about
giffgaff
giffgaff there you go
giffgaff are a virtual mobile phone
operator in the UK and their calls are
really really cheap their data is really
cheap and there's no contract as such
you can just buy a bundle of calls texts
and data every month if you want to they
call it a goodie bag and they're like
five pounds or ten pounds and generally
that does you for a month but if you
don't want to do that you can also just
pay-as-you-go and calls are really
really cheap you can have a look at
giffgaff calm and and see their prices
now if you get a gift gift they will
send you a SIM card free and get started
you have to put 10 pounds of credit onto
the card to activate it now if you get
one from the link below this video it
will be sent straight to you
so it comes straight to your address bye
bye first-class Royal Mail and the
advantage is you get the same card the
same SIM card as you would from giffgaff
but you get five pounds of extra credit
there's no reason not to do it really
and when you get it it looks looks like
this and there's your SIM card this one
here is one of the dual SIM card so it's
the normal you can pop that out it's the
normal standard size SIM card or if
you've got something like an iPhone 4
you can pop out the smaller Micro SIM
card if you have an iPhone 5 or a iPad
Mini I believe you need them you need
the Nano size which is the tiny just
like the circuit board really there
so still have a look at the link below
this video and we would be able to
select iPhone 5 to get the nano-sim
there and that's it really just get that
pop it in your phone got 10 pounds of
credit on you need to do that with a
computer or something just to get online
just to I think you put in the number
that's on the other side yeah you need
this code here that code goes in there
and then you activate it online and job
done you need to put 10 pounds of credit
on and you can either do that by paypal
credit card or you can even just pop
into your local corner shop or post
office and and just get 10 pounds of
credit and as soon as you put that
credit on if you bought it through the
link below this video you'll get 5
pounds of extra credit straightaway ok
so there's no reason not to do it
so do remember click the link below the
video
ok thanks this Rick thanks for watching